Update explore-projects.md (#5560)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/explore-projects.md

- You have a dbt Cloud account on the [Team or Enterprise plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/).
- You have set up a [production](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) or [staging](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#create-a-staging-environment) deployment environment for each project you want to explore.

>     - There has been at least one successful job run in the deployment environment. Note, [Continuous integration (CI) jobs](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) don't update dbt Explorer.

Author: ```suggestion
    - There has been at least one successful job run in the deployment environment. Note, dbt Explorer doesn't get updated by [continuous integration (CI) jobs](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs).
```

>     - There has been at least one successful job run in the deployment environment. Note, dbt Explorer doesn't get updated by [continuous integration (CI) jobs](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - There has been at least one successful job run in the deployment environment. Note that [CI jobs](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) do not update dbt Explorer.

- You are on the dbt Explorer page. To do this, select **Explore** from the top navigation bar in dbt Cloud.

## Generate metadata 

dbt Explorer uses the metadata provided by the [Discovery API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/discovery-api) to display the details about [the state of your project](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state). The metadata that's available depends on the [deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) you've designated as _production_ or _staging_ in your dbt Cloud project. dbt Explorer automatically retrieves the metadata updates after each job run in the production or staging deployment environment so it always has the latest results for your project. 

> Note: CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer because they don't reflect the production state or provide the necessary metadata updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer because they don't reflect the production state or provide the necessary metadata updates.
```

> Note that CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer because they don't reflect the production state or provide the necessary metadata updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer. This is because they don't reflect the production state and don't provide the necessary metadata updates.
```

> Note: [CI jobs](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) don't update dbt Explorer because they don't reflect the production state or provide the necessary metadata updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer because they don't reflect the production state or provide the necessary metadata updates.
```

> Note that CI jobs do not update dbt Explorer. This is because they don't reflect the production state and don't provide the necessary metadata updates.

Author: note for this sentence, i purposely wrote it as 'do not' for a definitive tone while using contractions for readability in the second sentence. i felt that having the sentence as 'ci jobs don't update dbt explorer...' didn't sound as definitive or eye-catching. this is because i think it's important for users to know that ci jobs are excluded.

| Snapshot details | [dbt snapshot](/reference/commands/snapshot) or [dbt build](/reference/commands/build) within a job in the environment |
| Seed details | [dbt seed](/reference/commands/seed) or [dbt build](/reference/commands/build) within a job in the environment |

> Richer and more timely metadata will become available as dbt Core, the Discovery API, and the underlying dbt Cloud platform evolve.

Author: ```suggestion
Richer and more timely metadata will become available as dbt Cloud evolves.
```
